> Please write on a topic of your choice. Limit your response to 500 words.

I don't know what love is, but I know I love a binary file. I'm referring to a program called Git, and it can change the world.

I began programming in elementary school. I knew my dad did something with computers, and it didn't look too much harder than typing funky green text into a black terminal. The early work I did was mostly dragging and dropping blocks to make a cat dance on the screen, but I was just brushing the surface of a deep field.

In high school, I began working on complicated projects; programming robots, satellites, web applications, and browser extensions. I learned to love and hate the power of a teamwork in software development. Throughout my work, I found it hard to shake the feeling that I could do everything much faster alone. I found it equally hard to ignore the fact that collaboration made my end-results more robust and full-featured. These programming experiences taught me much, but left me feeling like there was a better way.

One summer, as part of an internship with a technology company, I discovered Git. Ah, in that single syllable, a whole new way of thinking. Git is a source code management system, used for tracking versions or collaborating on programming tasks. Git goes further than other systems; every change becomes a part of a tree-like structure where new features branch off a main trunk and are reincorporated once completed. The tree shows the history of the project, its present state, and areas for growth. The real magic of Git is its distributed model -- anyone can duplicate and change a public project. I can directly suggest my improvements to the creator, or other people can extend my work. In this manner, thousands of people from all over the world can work together on a project that is enjoyed by hundreds of thousands.

Git's distributed model can extend beyond the world of programming. For example, it could be applied to create a more decentralized model for society. Good ideas would naturally gather more followers, but it doesn't stop there. Anyone, no matter where they come from, can make suggestions and have a voice. Imagine the laws of a country as a Git project. Constant iteration means no more outdated, unpopular, illogical laws on the books. Laws nimbly move to fix the latest attack on consumers or infringement of minority rights.

Fundamental openness is why I say I'm in love with Git. It represents the freedom to branch out and try new things without fear of repercussions and a workplace of equality without ignoring individual achievements. I want to make an impact on the field of computer science, a mark on the world. But if my impact is flawed, as I've learned all first versions of programs are, I want a good source code management system, so I can perfect my legacy.
